At 7AM, Noelle woke up, groggy, still half-asleep and strongly fixated on stairs that automatically move by themselves. It
takes her a minute to realize this concept already exists, it's called an escalator. And she thought she was really onto 
something there. Easy come, easy go... but now, it's time to get up and begin yet another Monday.

Her usual morning routine over with, she headed out the doors and rode her bicycle over to work. On her way, she waved at
passing neighbours, who waved right back. Noelle became somewhat of a known cheerful butterfly within this region of
the city. Everybody knew her, everybody adored her. Her work was not far off. 

She's a florist now. Her previous jobs have proven to be getting progressively more hectic, and now that she's nearing her 
30's, she figured it's time to slow things down and find something more peaceful, surrounded by nature. Perhaps this is 
what she'll do for the rest of her life. It's not a bad way to go out. 

"If I collapse and keel over, at least it'll be right here in the shop, surrounded by flowers. I'd look like a
Sleeping Beauty." Noelle liked thinking strangely morose thoughts, but only if nobody else is around to hear them.

Some customers came and went. Each one had their own story to tell, a gift for a friend, or their wife, or maybe just 
something for themselves. Noelle would help them decide, they would get side-tracked and just start talking about life.
And then... out the door they went, and that mild breeze of air that would swing by would remind Noelle she's by herself.

Truthfully, Noelle had a lot of friends, but not a lot of them felt near and dear to her heart. Sometimes, she wonders if
she'd risk her life more for the flowers than the locals she chats up on a daily basis. Yet, at the same time, could it be
that Noelle's just not trying hard enough to make connections with people? No, of course not, she's been trying her hardest.
It's clear to her that she's not hated. People really do like her. Yet they still feel so distant.

Back in her traveling days, Noelle heard rumors of flowers that can talk. And this isn't about echo flowers, Noelle has
plenty of them in this shop right here. They're not very hard to find. No, no, Noelle means sentient flowers, those that
have the kind of intelligence and speech ability that any other person does, if not more of it. She's wondered, for a long
time... could she grow a flower like that of her own?

If those rumors were right, she had some general awareness of the exact steps required to create a talking flower. 

For some time now, she's been taking care of a particular breed called the alpine delphinium. It's at the back of the shop, 
in the garden. It was not for sale, of course. And truthfully, it could've been any flower that she could've tried raising
into a talking one, but something felt right about this one. At least, it used to. She's spent much time cultivating it, yet
there have been no results. It's just another flower, same as all the others.

Noelle decided that today will be the last time she'll try getting it to talk. If it doesn't work out, she plans to get rid of
the delphinium, and never look back again. It's true, she's been telling herself that for over 10 years, but this time, it's
an absolute must. So, she reached into her drawer and got an urn out...

Going into her garden with the urn, she stood over the delphinium with a spoon in the other hand, about to spread a pinch of
the urn's contents over the flower. No, maybe... two, three pinches this time. Or maybe...

It is her last time doing this, right? At this point, why not just dump the entire thing on it? This'll either kill the flower,
or maybe it'll do nothing at all, but she has very little to lose at this point. And so, her mind was made up. She flips the
urn upside down, and the dust inside falls. 

Noelle kneeled down in front of the flower, and stared at it intently for minutes. She was giving it time to absorb the dust.
It can't possibly be an instant process. Soon, the dust becomes absorbed by the soil. It feels like something should happen
any moment now. A moment of anticipation, where any next second could immediately change Noelle's life as she lives it.

If the flower talks, Noelle's life will change significantly. If the flower does not talk, Noelle will make sure her life
changes significantly. But within this moment, before the answer is truly known, Noelle kneels before the flower and awaits
the outcome that cannot be predicted.

But once it indeed comes to pass... it'll be really exciting, won't it?

Noelle waits.

Noelle waits.

Noelle waits.

She gets closer to the delphinium, and she asks.

"Susie."

She asks.

"Susie, can you hear me?"