ENTRY NUMBER 71

Hey again. Sorry for the wait. It's been... 2 months since the last entry. Geez, I mean, it's not like they all have to be 
these long dwindling rambles, Alphys. You could take the time to write a short one too. It's just, I don't think I've ever
been this busy in my life. So much to do, so little time to sit around...

Well, anyway, so I've watched episode 8 of Mew Mew Kissy Cutie 2. I... genuinely don't know why I'm still watching this.
Literally nothing's happening. Mew Mew's been reduced to a soundboard of catchphrases and the same stupid joke
about yarn on loop. If they'd have just followed the manga arc, all of this could have been averted, but instead!
INSTEAD, they decided, for whatever reason, "let's make our own ending! In which nothing happens! And while we're at it,
let's make sure the best characters from the manga never appear, because who cares about THEM, RIGHT?!?" Seriously. 
Whoofy Poof got robbed.

So that sucked. Thankfully, there's one way to forget about bad anime, and that's through work. Like I said, I've been busy.
I was asked to build two robot bodies, and with an unbudgable deadline to boot. As a result, I've been working on them 
simultaneously, trying to cut down some time by utilizing the same system for both of them. I can't describe the expectations
put on me in any other way but "stressful", but I'm so close to the finish line.

Starting off my geek-out with the first robot, I call it "Metta". My client chose that name. The client, being a... ghost, 
of all things. Luckily I had my translator on hand! Wasn't a perfect translation, but was enough to piece together the gist, 
plus, you know, nodding and shaking your head tends to be a universal language too.

The client intends to inhabit the body of Metta as their new persona, an all-purpose entertainment robot designed to appeal
to the common denominator, and, more importantly, designed to achieve fame on the global level. Now, I've been around
the block, I know how the algorithm works and what rakes in those internet clicks, so when I suggested the idea of giving
Metta the longest, thickest legs, the client did not even hesitate in showing their approval.

Of course, I threw in some just-for-fun stuff - jet wings, arm cannon, a self-destruct button... Naturally I expect my client to
utilize discretion when using all three of those, although I'll have to revise the self-destruct being on the bottom of the
left shoe. Got so tipsy all night, all the stupid washed ashore.

The Metta body has entered its beta stages, and now I'm just trying to iron out all the kinks that might make it, well,
unintentionally explode. For example, the NEO form is currently extremely prone to overheating and can't be switched on for
more than three minutes before it just gives out. 

That's why, until I fix that whole problem, I currently have the body set to "paparazzi mode", which gets rid of the wings and 
the weaponry and switches the clothing to have Metta resemble a type of gang biker. That way, if Metta ever has to bypass his 
future crazy fans and stalkers without being noticed, he just needs to switch into this poor man's outfit, and everyone's fooled.

But also, as you might guess, this form's a lot less power-intensive, so that's the one we have to stick with until NEO's 
patched up. I'll be working on that through the next couple nights. I should probably call my client as well and see what 
they think so far.

But, before that, there's... the matter of the other body, for the other client. I'll be honest. I don't even want to be 
thinking about this right now. I don't know what to do with this. Actually, okay, let me back up a little bit...

I don't know how she found out about my experiments, considering I've been keeping them a secret from the orphanage, but Susie 
came up to me and... asked me to turn her into a robot. Actually, "asked" is a nice way of putting it... the way she worded 
herself, I felt like I didn't have much of a choice. She never answered me directly when I asked why'd she want to do something
so drastic. I mean, she's not a ghost, she's a living breathing person. Why take that away? 

But I think the crux of the matter is that Susie's just tired of herself. Ever since that kid left the orphanage, I guess she 
was pretty distraught about it. Now, her constant mood swings, her violent demeanor, nobody wants to be around her, we're all
too afraid. Maybe she's becoming self-aware of that and wants to change? So, I'm not entirely against helping her. There could 
be a good person in there. I know I'm punctuating this with a lot of "could've's" and "maybe's", I just... You know.

So I built her a new body. I tried to make it resemble her as closely as possible, it's what she said she wanted. Although,
personally, if I wanted to change, wouldn't it make more sense for me to request a new appearance?? We then transplanted 
her brain into the new body, and that... was awful to do... almost puked having to remove the brain. Eventually, I figured 
that building a tool for carrying the brain over was a cleaner solution, even if I lost some time doing it.

So once the brain was inside the body, the idea was to send circuits traveling into it that removed all the parts about Susie
that no one likes, only keeping the ones that could be considered positive traits. Brains... are a fickle thing to work with,
and though I know some things, it's just not my area of expertise. One wrong move and she could die. With that in mind, I
chose to be extra careful, and before doing anything with Susie's brain itself, I made a copy of it and decided to run some
simulations.

Here's the setup; we have a copy of Susie's brain, some random leftover prototype of a body I had lying around, and a stack
of stock footage films of random everyday activities. I chuck the brain copy into the body, put it into REM sleep mode, and
from there, I start feeding various bits of footage into the brain's dreams. The idea is to choose footage that will cause
the brain to emit specific emotional responses, such as joy, sadness, nostalgia... Susie's brain, whether she was awake or not,
behaved erratically and without cause, so the end goal is to keep fine tuning that until her responses feel... normal.

But here's the thing that scares me. What I realized during the tests was that there's something else going on in Susie's
brain besides just mental trauma. I can't explain it from a scientific standpoint. It almost looked like the shape of her
brain was twisting and malforming, altering in real-time. 

Going ahead with the tests regardless didn't bring in anything that could've made this better. It didn't matter what footage 
the brain dreamt. The body did not shift, and the face remained still. No smile, no frown, no gritted teeth. Which is not to 
say it was unresponsive, no, I am 100% sure the brain received the footage correctly. The lack of reaction was a reaction in 
itself.

Which means only one conclusion; For god knows what reason, Susie lost most of her ability to feel emotions during my attempt
to transfer her brain.

Is it an improvement from her aggressive scary self? No, not really! I seriously doubt her request was for me to turn her into
an empty shell anyway. I mean, who cares if she can't angrily yell at you now? She lacks empathy, the ability to differentiate 
between good and bad, next week she might kill someone and won't even realize she's done anything wrong!

I don't get it. Where did I screw up? The only thing I know for sure, is that this wasn't just a problem with the simulated 
brain, her real brain broke in the EXACT same way. If I activate the body Susie's brain is in right now, she'll wake up and 
quickly come to realize, no matter how excited she wants to be about the new body, she won't be. No matter how much it'll 
shock her, scare her, anger her, she won't be able to express any of it. 

And because she has every reason to do so, she WILL blame it on me. 

I can't put her brain back into her original body. This is a scientist's coat, not a surgeon's. And there's no way I can tell
anybody what I've been doing here. I've been wondering if I should just halt this whole thing, and never let Susie wake up.
Of course, that'd be the same as letting her die. I can't bring myself to let that happen.

If... I decide to wake Susie up now, if I let her know how badly I messed up... 
I may be not afraid of how she'll react.
But it still terrifies me. The thought of what will she do.