The five stages of "The Gift" are as follows:

1) Considerable exposure to a "Haunted Point", an area inhabited by a large amount of ghosts, sends you into an 
unconscious state. Upon regaining consciousness, there may be a chance you'll wake up with glowing eyes, thus bringing
you to a point of no return. There are several things factoring into whether or not you obtain The Gift. Non-humans, for 
example, have better chances of obtaining it. It also tends to get picky about your gene structure, blood type, amount of 
deceased family members, their importance to the victim, and lastly, the overall mental state. The weaker it is, the more 
likely it is that you'll be susceptible to The Gift.

2) Shortly after obtaining The Gift, hallucinations spring about that pose themselves as ghosts of your deceased
family members. They are not real in any way, but either way you're convinced to believe in them entirely.
Everything happens within your brain, which becomes infested with micro-organisms, viruses of sorts, that manipulate 
the brain to see, hear, and sometimes even feel what's not really there.

3) No matter how horrible the victim's family members may have been in reality, the hallucinated versions of them are
pleasant, polite, and overall loving to the victim. They often offer to chat, send encouraging words, they support
the Gifted one to the best of their abilities... all to ensure that the victim lets their guard down and develops a trust
with the hallucinations. With that, the mental locks on the victim fade away, and the micro-organisms can bury
themselves into the deeper parts of the mind.

4) As the victim's trust with its imagined family members grows deeper, the victim becomes more susceptible to commands.
After a certain point, the micro-organisms gain near total control over the victim, and proceed to give up the
"happy family" charade, replacing their prior mannerisms with a much more straightforward tone and commanding the victim to
kill in order to create more ghosts in their wake. The victim may try to resist against these commands, but that's where the
micro-organism uses its ability to make the victim "feel" things that are not really there. By mangling the brain in
such ways as to induce pain, the victim eventually lets go of its preconceived notions of rebellion and does as told, 
all the while the micro-organisms manipulate its emotions and spoken words as to not raise suspicion from others. 
Despite this, the micro-organisms are not very good at not raising suspicion.

5) There's some multi-tasking at hand. While the victim is racking up the amount of bodies sent away to the Land of the
Dead, it scouts out other potential subjects for The Gift, which it proceeds to lead into the nearest "Haunted Point".
Following losing consciousness, if the subject wakes up without The Gift, The Gifted one will almost undoubtedly
kill them off, seeing as the subject has effectively lost all usefulness.

Susie calls these subjects "Protagonists", referring to the titular characters of a story. But that doesn't seem to make
much sense. Within any world, there can only truly be one protagonist. Yet Susie apparently has found more than a couple
of them. There must be a different meaning to that word. Like some sort of tic.