Nobody knew what Manos was. Manos never gave an indication of its own existence. It never spoke. Never.
It never declared itself as the ruler of all. It never had a physical form. It didn't care. It wasn't alive.
It didn't have a mind. No reason. No reason for Manos to evolve, and somehow it still did.

There was once a man who wandered into the forest's warm embrace so he could worship the being known as Manos.
The man's unquestionable loyalty was recognized, and the two became intertwined. Manos's eyes, ears, and tongue...
The Master... a man who was given the gift of immortality, in exchange for setting Manos free unto the world.

The task was not easy. In order for Manos to escape the forest, a sacrifice of 75 women was required. More
specifically, a sacrifice of their hands. They all had to be gathered at once. And with every hand set ablaze, Manos's
grasp over the forest could grow, until finally the chains holding the being back can finally break.

The task was not quick. The Master had to kidnap many women, but kidnapping too many within a short span of time would
draw unwanted suspicion from the world outside the forest. They would become Manos's devotees, but not without
conversion by force. The process was slow. One by one. Some managed to escape, while others had unpure hands. There was
no point in disposing of them, however. It'd be such a waste.

Due to the weight of the task, the task wasn't accomplished. Manos wasn't free. But in a way, The Master was.
Though immortal, centuries of reanimation took a progressive toll on The Master's body. Skin turned gray, eyelids
grew heavier, a body that may be alive, but too weak to continue carrying out the ultimate goal of Manos.
So, yes, The Master was set free. And he was never seen again after that.

A hunt for The Master's successor began and unsucessfully ended on the same day. Manos's place was in the forest, continuing
to remain imprisoned. The devotees were conditioned to stay within a certain range of Manos, to eliminate the possibility of 
escape, they certainly could not look. All that was left then, was to hope that Manos's Curse would infect the right creature,
and thus beckon them back to the forest where they belong. One day.

And so one day, a young woman with an axe arrived, eyes all strange and an expression that said very little. She approached
the campfire of the devotees, and glaring at their gawking faces, she asked but one question.

"You have her mother, don't you?"

The devotees gathered together and were prepared to fight to the bitter death. Years of effort would not be disrupted by this
one simple creature. Yet... something gave pause. Because the truth is, killing a man felt so simple to them, but they've
never killed a woman before. It is at this point where the purple-haired girl would've been turned into the next devotee, 
but... Her power, her glare, the way she strangely phrased her question, just then...

This was not just any purple stranger, they realized, and they all promptly bowed. The girl's arrival was the inevitable 
forthcoming of The Master Within Her, who now seeks to take a role of leadership for the sake of their god.

And so, Manos spoke in such a way so only The Master Within Her would hear. We will provide you with your host's mother. She'll 
get to see her again and again, for as long as it comforts them both. In exchange, she must dedicate her life to me, for as long as
we have use of her power, for as long as we remain in this forest. Gather more devotees for me, use any method you desire, just as
long as in the end, I will become de factor owner of all living beings. 
Make her say yes now, or she shall never speak a word of her own choosing again.
 
It just so happened that The Master knew where to find devotee candidates. Their host lives in an orphanage. 
Newcomers come and go every week. Many of them are exquisitely forgettable.

"She-... She accepts, ACCEPTS your offer."

Thus, a new Master was chosen. And this Master was notably efficient in their job. Only a few months later... the task was
accomplished, as 75 women were gathered to sacrifice themselves for a new age of torment.

In the middle of the Forest's nowheres, a Lodge materialized, and...

"A quarter of our population stared at that building far too long, and succumbed to instant death."

Manos was free.