Though originally it was a school, an unknown individual came along and repurposed its dying walls to serve as an
orphanage. It just didn't seem to function like an official one. Any kid could come in and call it their new home.
And as for that unknown individual, after the orphanage was established, they just seemed to vanish before anybody
could get their name.

Though the kids wondered about their whereabouts, eventually, they forgot about the owner. Replenishments 
were delivered daily via a machine, its source origin still confusing us to this very day. The automation of 
the whole place is genuinely impressive as much as it is bizarre, to the point where if you're not taking 
care of your hygiene, this big-ass hand contraption appears from a slot in the ceiling and drags you 
straight into one of the showers. Happened to one of the cops investigating the place. As silly as it sounds. 
The orphanage ensured to take care of you. The building itself, I mean. Not the people within it.

But the orphanage stupidly never accounted for security or how to handle the more volatile kids. 
Then again, we never made it clear if whoever built it left the orphanage of their own volition. Either way, 
though the orphanage remained relatively peaceful for many years, a realization shook the entire foundation. 
The majority of the kids decided that the orphanage was no longer safe, and so they all scattered in their own directions.

It all started with the disappearance of YOU & Susie. Last names unknown. YOU was told to be the last chance to save the 
species of frogs from going extinct. Due to their human-like appearance, and tendency to hide away from the world, it was 
difficult to track them down, and unfortunately, by the time we did...

YOU & Susie were both pronounced dead, found within one of the rooms in the orphanage. Cause of death was a long fall.
Initial speculation led to their death being an accident due to the room's lack of light sources. 
They could've stumbled in the dark, until they went over the edge. 

Then, the kids told us about the rooms which Susie frequented, so those were investigated. And in one of them, a public
bathroom which Susie seemed to have made her own, disallowing anyone else from entering... in one of the stalls, the
investigators found a secret passageway that led to the bodies of 37 victims, all piled up together in the center of a
strange shrine, all aged between 15 and 20, all... female, strangely enough.

Most of the victims suffered brutal wounds, akin to those of an axe. Not at all coincidentally, an axe was found stashed
away in Susie's jacket. According to the other kids, Susie displayed a change of personality after a couple months of
staying in the orphanage, and it made her generally intimidating to be around. What made her especially troubling was
her tendency to latch on to the orphanage's newcomers, which she took away to undisclosed locations. 

From the perspective of the kids, they justified not ever seeing those newcomers again by figuring that they ran away
from the orphanage after Susie's behaviour scared them away. But the real truth was, across the span of at least a
whole year, Susie killed 37 kids who were only hoping to have a fresh start at the orphanage.

This somewhat changed the story of YOU & Susie's death. At that point, it was assumed that Susie deliberately pushed
YOU off the edge, causing the frog to fall to their death. What troubles me, is why did Susie follow suit? She's killed so
many victims, but could she really have been satisfied with this? Did she really kill herself on purpose, or was her fall
an accident? Additionally, if her modus operandi was a swift blow to the head with an axe, why did she suddenly switch it
to a long fall?

I believe there was a third party at play here. Perhaps one of the kids found out about Susie's body count and chose to end 
her life by pushing her off that edge when her back was turned. In turn, that caused Susie to get flung at YOU, and they both 
wound up falling together. It could be likely that the real killer didn't notice YOU was even there. It was half deliberate, 
half an accident.

Yes, that sounds plausible... certainly a better theory than the one that kid gave me, about the ghosts making the room
collapse. They certainly had a vivid imagination. Honestly, I didn't think kids still believed in ghosts...